---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-02-18T06:09:32.837Z'
dateModified: '2016-02-18T06:09:07.447Z'
title: Goals
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
sourcePath: _posts/2016-02-18-goals.md
published: true
url: goals/index.html
_type: Article

---
# Goals

Health. Wealth. Happiness.

Vision:

I spend my time with my friends and family exploring life. I have a 2 kids who I've taught all to swim & spend most of my free time running them around to all of their sports and hobbies. We go on trips around the world with our close family friends and learn all about different cultures and see lots of awesome things. There is always music playing in our home because there is usually people over hanging out and having a good time. I feel full of energy and am able to see the positive in every situation and share that with all the people around me. I am always learning and discovering new things whether it be knowledge or experience and share as much of it as I can with the people I care about.

## CAREER

✔ Get accepted to YTT - Summer 2014

✔ Teach a weekly yoga class - Spring 2015

Graduate with Masters in Health Promotion - Spring 2020

Work as a corporate health advisor - Summer 2024

Teach part time at a university - 2025

## HEALTH

✔ I gain a better understanding of the balance of internal and external influences on myself - January 2015

I strength or cardio train 5 times a week - Spring 2015

I do yoga at home, every. single. day. - Fall 2015

I am able to touch my hips to the ground in front splits - Summer 2018

I cook and eat food of each colour every day - Spring 2024

## PERSONAL

I plan at least one social outing each week - December 2015

I live and let myself experience the positive and negative that comes along with it - September 2014

I move to Montreal for a season - Summer 2018

I have 2 kids - 2024

I am in the process of building my own house